docs: add additional test instructions to README (#111)
uniswap-python/uniswap-python: README.md

Test are run on a fork of the main net using ganache-cli. You need to install it with `npm install -g ganache-cli` before running tests.

> To run the full test suite, in the project directory set the `MAINNET_PROVIDER` and `PROVIDER` env variables and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the full test suite, in the project directory set the `PROVIDER` env variable to point to a mainnet provider, and run:
```

```

> poetry install
> export MAINNET_PROVIDER= # URL of provider, e.g. https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/...
> export PROVIDER=$MAINNET_PROVIDER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
poetry install
export PROVIDER= # URL of provider, e.g. https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/...
```
